First we will talk about the
importance of the fundamentals,
because now everyone, especially
in the world of digital marketing,
is super specialized in
very concrete things
and speaks of Growth Hacking
and Facebook Ads and the latest
tool to make a landing
page, etc., and think
that is marketing.
What is Marketing?
What do you need to be
good at to be a great
marketer?
You have to be very good.
First, you understand your customers
very well.
We are talking about knowing
how to segment them well, we
are talking about deciding who your
customers are, who are not, understand
why they are, why they are not, what
they think of you, why they buy you,
why they don’t buy you, what’s in
their head, knowing how to quantify
the size of the market, etc.
Everyone says they understand their
customers well, but almost no one
knows how to do it, it’s really, this
is gold, this is the basis of everything.
After all, what we have to be very
good is in creating value proposals
that your customers want to
buy, which are better than your
competitors.
This is the engine of everything, this is
the most important thing of all.
When you have something people want to
buy, it has happened to us in The Power
MBA, it’s that everything works,
you’re going like I say always with
the 700 horsepower engine.
It’s wide, you have to learn
a lot of things, you have to learn
to create value proposals,
you have to learn to sell those
value proposals.
And we will make a differentiation
here, we can talk about the channel,
that is, how to reach your customers
and here you enter know how to invest
in Facebook Ads and things of this,
use the channels, choose which
channels, invest and so on.
And there is another very important
competition that helps a lot in everything
and is that you are able to communicate
with your customers, that you are
able to sell your proposal.
And I’m talking about messages,
words, and so on.
And all this is marketing and when
you are very good at all this you will
be an excellent marketing.
If you are an expert, then
nothing will work.
Why is?
Because you don’t have the foundations.
I assure you that it is so that everyone
is that, super specialized
such, but they do not have the foundations
and know how to upload an ad to
Facebook Ads, but it does not turn,
it does not work.
Because they don’t know what they do, they
don’t know who they really are for, they
have put the audience, but they don’
t understand their customers well, they
don’t know what the most powerful messages
are, they don’t know how
to surprise them, etc.
It is an example, but it is very
common and we check it because
we are in this, it is so.
So what we’re going to do in this
marketing fundamentals
course is to set the foundations,
which are absolutely necessary
so that then when you go building,
when you learn digital
marketing 360, you’ll understand
all the strategies along
the funnel, you’ll understand
it like you’re a CMO when
you specialize in concrete
tools.
Practical specialisations, everything
works, because you have the foundations.
But I tell you, foundations are
necessary, but this goes beyond
the foundations.
This is really the most transformative
of all, it is what puts you
to another level.
Understand your customers well, be
able to create value proposals that
are potent, know how to communicate
them, etc.
When you are very good in all
this, I assure you that you will
be able to do what you want, you will
be absolutely differential, it doesn’
t matter what your goals are, if
you want to be successful as a marketing
professional, if you are
an entrepreneur you will grow your
company very much, if you
are an entrepreneur, because
it will be much easier to believe
a proposal that your customers
want to buy, etc.
It is the most important of all.